how we can build responsive layouts by using css and html.flex box work in only one direction either 
in horizontal or vertical so if we have to put two boxes at one side and one box on another side then we can not 
do this by using flex box. 
instead doing nested loops we can create complex layout using grids.

some grid properties are,

grid container: means elements containing a grid defined by setting display:grid;
grid item: element that is a direct of the grid container.
grid line : grid lines are referenced by number, starting and ending with the outer
borders of the grid.
grid cell :  any cell inside the grid.
grid area: rectangular area between four specified grid lines. grid areas can cover
one or more cells.
grid track : the space between two or more adjecent grid lines. row tracks are 
horizontal, column tracks vertical.
grid gap : empty space between grid tracks commonly called gutters.
we can give fractions of columns like 1fr in property grid-template-columns and grid-template-rows.
grid template areas : applied to grid container. uses a text based grid map to apply grid area names to individual cells.
grid template area makes resonsiveness very much simple 
nested grids : grids are not inherited by child elements instead we create nested grids.
by RWD we have been serving up different layouts for different browsers since 2010. 



When to use Grids, When to use flexes :

The main difference is that you can use CSS Grid to create two-dimensional layouts. In contrast, you can only use Flexbox to create one-dimensional layouts.
That means you can place components along the X- and Y-axis in CSS Grid and only one axis in Flexbox.
With CSS Grid, you can align components into columns and rows. 
This feature makes it ideal for larger layouts that must be divided into sections.
In other words, this type of layout will have elements that need to overlap and layer rather than being linear.
With Flexbox, you can lay out and align elements in a container even if you don’t know the size of those elements or if the size might change. 
That’s because a flex container is, well, flexible: it expands the flex elements to fill space when it’s available and shrinks them to prevent overflow when it’s not.



SAANDNDJJSJSJSKSSK

SanDEEP/Multiplyt